{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
My name is Harsimran Preet Singh and I welcome you to My own twisted version of the Octo Game for CPE203 (Fall 2020)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Instructions
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To trigger the event, use your mouse to click anywhere in the game window.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The event is open ground with secret nuclear codes that spawn randomly throughout the game.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The game starts with the spawn of the miners(Aryan_hero) and the Knights(obstacles for the enemies)\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The miners(Aryan_Hero) turns into wolves if they land on a performance enhancer serum which makes them deadlier and faster in picking up these secret codes. A mouse click will spawn a Zombie(the_first_enemy) surrounded by 8 performance serums. These zombies wait for the Deadly Bats(the_second_enemy) to spawn and reach them and turn them into Ninjas(the_third_enemy).\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
These ninja\'92s sole purpose is to clear the path for their allies in this case the Knights in their shiny armor and helps to destroy these secret codes. The ninjas are followed by the zombie who changed them from the bat and turns other bats into ninjas in their paths.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The main purpose is to strategically play this game to maintain balance throughout your gameplay as the serums will make miners faster as wolves but will also spawn a zombie to help your enemies.\uc0\u8232 \
}